*   The St. Charles 708 Community Mental Health Board meeting was called to
order on March 20, 2024, at 5:31 PM. *   Members Denz, Litchfield, Poremba,
Rivard, Rosenberg, and Weddell were present at roll call, with Muenz arriving
later. Judge Clint Hull was also present. *   The minutes from the January 24,
2024, meeting were approved. *   Chair Poremba requested members interested in
chair/co-chair positions for the next fiscal year to contact her. *   The Elgin
Youth Symphony Orchestra is a new applicant. *   Board members Rivard and Muenz
discussed the Thrive Initiative, a workshop to help parents discuss substance
abuse with their children. *   Judge Hull discussed a change in facilitator for
the Thrive Initiative, with a replacement being sought. *   Chair Poremba
discussed dinner and meeting cadence for agency presentations on April 17th. *
The board discussed scoring applications and the rubric, deciding not to deduct
points for missing information on the cover page. *   The board discussed
aligning applications to the St. Charles 708 Board's mission and vision, and
describing the priority. *   The board discussed the number of St. Charles
residents served relative to the amount of money requested in applications. *
Board member Muenz will seek clarification from an agency regarding funding from
other sources. *   Judge Hull commented on the overlooked mental health needs of
people in the court system. *   Chair Poremba asked the board to note the number
of St. Charles residents served relative to the money requested. *   The tiering
system will not be used initially in deciding funding, but may be used when
allocating within the budget. *   Chair Poremba discussed agencies providing
recorded clips for a PSA campaign and finding a social media presence for the
board. *   Board members can write notes on paper copies of applications, and
paper versions are available upon request. *   The meeting adjourned at 6:21 PM.
*   ADA compliance information was provided for individuals needing
accommodations.